[Osdocs 8065]/[OSDOCS-8893]:Relax GCP organizational policy constraint/Document additional GCP API service requirement (#68506)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/ccs-gcp-customer-procedure.adoc

* `constraints/iam.allowedPolicyMemberDomains`
* `constraints/compute.restrictLoadBalancerCreationForTypes`

> * `constraints/compute.requireShieldedVm`  (This policy constraint is unsupported only if the cluster is installed without selecting "Enable Secure Boot support for Shielded VMs" during the initial cluster creation).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `constraints/compute.requireShieldedVm`  (This policy constraint is supported only if the cluster is installed with "Enable Secure Boot support for Shielded VMs" during the initial cluster creation).
```

> * `constraints/compute.requireShieldedVm`  (This policy constraint is unsupported only if the cluster is installed without selecting "Enable Secure Boot support for Shielded VMs" during the initial cluster creation).

Reviewer 2: Very inconsequential nit but there's an extra space here:
```suggestion
* `constraints/compute.requireShieldedVm` (This policy constraint is unsupported only if the cluster is installed without selecting "Enable Secure Boot support for Shielded VMs" during the initial cluster creation).
```

> * `constraints/compute.requireShieldedVm`  (This policy constraint is unsupported only if the cluster is installed without selecting "Enable Secure Boot support for Shielded VMs" during the initial cluster creation).

Reviewer 2: And I recognize that this would make the wording inconsistent with the next bullet point, but I don't get why that one doesn't say "This policy constraint is supported only after installation." in the first place. Though that's out of scope for my review

> * `constraints/compute.requireShieldedVm`  (This policy constraint is unsupported only if the cluster is installed without selecting "Enable Secure Boot support for Shielded VMs" during the initial cluster creation).

Author: @svmrh,
      Please see comment above. Any thoughts on this suggestion? Sebastian is referring to the constraint as identified in the image below. Thanks! 
![image](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/assets/122639474/99f624f9-39cc-4ba7-8f5c-5b64d5bdb692)
